1: Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

I chose to use node.js due to its scalability and performance. The non-blocking I/O model allows many simultaneous connections.
Because Fetch will deal with more than 7 million receipts per day (I also applied to the ML intern in fetch so I get the data),
I need to make sure that the tool should be able to handle large requests. Also, JavaScript may run faster compared to Python. 

Moreover, I implemented the Flask app before in one of my projects (https://www.overleaf.com/read/vdccrfhtqnfv).
I would love to build my skillsets by learning a new tool. Also, the html page(frontend) and node.js(backend) can both use javascript as the script.
I can make them consistent by doing this way. 

2: What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?

Advantages: The node.js and express framework are perfect for receiving and replying in the JSON file. 

Disadvantages: Due to the time limits, I didn't integrate the SQLite database into the server. 
That's been said, if we shut down the server, all the data will disappear.
Adding the SQLite database in the ORM way will be the next step.

3: What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
My favorite school project is in one of my machine learning classes, where we need to classify the images using a neural network. 
Seeing the accuracy the model provides is inspiring and satisfying. It challenged me because our university only taught Java to new CS students. 
I began programming during my freshman year, and I never learned any other languages before. However, Python is necessary to implement many machine learning algorithms.
I ended up learning Python by myself. I watched the tutorial videos and tried to find the similarity between Python and Java. 
I gradually realized that learning new languages in a short time would be a necessary skill for my future career. Asking questions in the group project and learning from my peers also helped a lot.
This resulted in my A grade in that class. The class instructor also sends me an offer to be a peer mentor in that class later. 